+++
title = "Earn money with Crypto regardless of the trend"
description = "I am building Python Crypto bots that trade for me while I am at work or asleep."
author = "Piraeus West Jr."
date = "2022-02-28"
tags = ["Crypto", "bot", "python"]
categories = ["Crypto", "Affiliates"]
[[images]]
  src = "img/bitcoin-green.jpg"
  alt = "Bitcoin image"
  stretch = "stretchH"
+++

# Earn money with Crypto regardless of the trend

## The theory

Basically, there are two ways to earn money with crypto; investing and trading. Investing in crypto takes quite some research on the purpose and principles of a coin. Based on that research, you decide which coins you expect to increase in value and these are the coins you buy. You either try to buy the coin at a low (which is virtually impossible, because you'll have to predict the market) or you periodically invest (a.k.a. [Dollar Cost Averaging](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/dollar-cost-averaging-dca-explained)). That way you mitigate the risk of buying at the wrong moment by buying the average best price. Once you have bought your coins you wait for your coins to make you a millionaire. Easy. But also quite risky, because if you invest in the wrong coin or at the wrong time, you risk losing most or all of your money.
Trading is a more active approach towards making money with crypto. It involves analyzing the movements of the markets, buying low and selling high, choosing your time frames and utilizing the more advanced trading techniques like shorting, margin trading and futures. Trading can take a lot of time, some people are making it a full time job. Although trading can take a lot of time, it does allow you to manage your risks and make sure you limit your losses.

So what if you don't have the time to trade, but still want the benefits of controlled profits and limited losses? Then you make a bot that trades for you. 

## My experience so far

Building a bot requires access to a broker API. I am using Binance. Please support me by using this [affiliate link](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=376981966).
